From Hansel minutes.com it's
annual minutes, a weekly discussion
with web developer and technologist
Scott Hanselman hosted by Carl Franklin.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number one 23. Recorded live
Wednesday, July 23rd, 2008. Support for Hanselman
it's just provided by RTD
controls. My most comprehensive suite
of components for windows forms
and asp.net web applications. online@wwwdottelbrikdotcomandby.net
Developers journal the world's leading.net
Developer magazine online at www
dot  dot com. In
this episode, Scott talks social
networking with Daria Boston, Joe.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman
and this is another episode
of Hansel minutes. And I'm
sitting here today at Microsoft
corporation on campus in Seattle
with Dari. Obasanjo a program
manager on the windows live
team. Yes. Thanks for sitting
down with me today. I
know you're a busy guy
and you've got a only
a little while to talk
to me today. I've been
noticing that you've been blogging
a lot lately about social
networking sites and stuff. I
know you're on Facebook and
Twitter. And what other sites
do you do you use
Actually don't I don't use
that many, like a Facebook,
Twitter friend feed. Oh yeah.
I use friend feed a
flicker. I dunno. Flicker is
a social networking Council. It's
turning into one, isn't it?
I mean, they have enough
feeds. I'm finding it really
difficult to manage all of
this kind of, I guess
you could call it content.
It's not really. It's like
flotsam and jetsam. It's not
really content, but producing all
this stuff and it's all
available via an RSS feed,
but it's ultimately just turning
into a river of news
that I can't really consume
fast enough, like Twitter, I've
got like 300 people that
I follow, but ultimately it's
just like the top five
tweets that I happened to
look at at that moment
is this flood of information
going to become a problem.
Are there any ways to
manage that? I mean, it's
just smart filtering agents. What
are some, what are some
ways for us to manage
all of this? Because I
see that we're putting lots
of APIs on top of
this flood of content, but
I don't feel like there's
a, I don't feel like
it's necessarily gaining any control
over this mess. I'm curious
if you have any thoughts
about that. I don't know.
Like I look at what
it's like some of the
stuff that Facebook has done
where it seems like, well,
cause I don't know for
a fact it seems like
they try to make sure
you see the most relevant
content from your friends, depending
for some value of relevant.
Yes. Speaking as a user.
I mean, we're both as
users. Yeah. So as we
get as a user, it
seems that they do that
as a user. You know,
like I I've always found
that interesting because it's hard.
Like without being able to
read my mind. Yeah. You
know what the most relevant
content is to me, They
get that like thumbs up,
thumbs down TiVo thing, or
they got rid of it.
They got rid of that.
Now, how do you tell
people that you care about
a particular piece of content
You don't, because that was,
that was, that was actually
pretty ambiguous because when you
thumbed something up, it couldn't
tell if you, well, it
wasn't clear if you were
thumbing up the person, that
type of content or that
particular piece of content. Like
if I thumbed up a
photo, that's got to have
a transformers movie. Right. It's
not clear where they're like,
I like transformers. I like
Scott or I like photos
And that's kind of like
a classic usability problem. Cause
like on the TiVo, you
know, if I like to
watch, you know, America's next
top model and I give
it a thumbs up, suddenly
I get the tire bank
show and queer eye. Oh
yeah. I've had that happen.
And TiVo was like, no
bad TiVo, bad. I don't
want to watch that. But,
but at the same time,
I don't think that my
wife or my mom really
wants to go and put
in a if transformers and
not Scott and Dari and
you know, no one's going
to build queries. So it
seems like the usability problem
is a thumbs up thumbs
down on one side of
the spectrum or, you know,
sequel for Facebook. Yeah. The
one thing I've been trying
recently is a Pandora. Is
that the, the music suggestion?
Yeah. So Pandora actually like
again, they just have a
thumbs up thumbs down interface,
but somehow they figured out
like, at least for music,
it does like a pretty
excellent job of figuring out
like what you eventually like
and what you don't like.
But they, they, they claimed
to have put in a
lot of work into it.
They claim like for every
song they have on there,
they have musicians who have
tracked over a hundred qualities
of that song. Really. You
know, there was a thing
called mood logic. If you
remember that it was called
the mood logic and it
was an iTunes looking, you
know, Chrome thing that you
would run. And it had
slider bars where they would
basically look at it. They
would look at a song
and they'd calculate like a
hash like the Kayla SHA
one hash of your MP3.
And then for every Shai,
one hash, they would say,
Oh, well he's got this,
but it was more of
an audio hash. It wasn't
the actual bites. It was
like, yeah, it's clear that
we're both listening to Nora
Jones, but it's, they're not
the exact same file. And
then you would in mood
logic, draw the slider bar
and you'd go happy, sad,
upbeat, downbeat, low tempo mid-tempo
and they had some heuristics,
but it's only like eight
or nine options. And they
would charge you like 20
bucks to opt into this
thing. And then it would
kind of fix your, this
was like three, four, five
years ago, even a long
time ago. Yeah. And the
problem with that, which is
like the classic usability problem
and what Pandora's and I
figured out how to get
around, is it nobody cares
enough to micromanage your tastes
that well, exactly. There's no
user, who's going to show
up and say, you know
what? I have, I follow
50 people on Twitter. I'm
going to rank them. All
right. No, my best friend.
Cause that's what you read
as a software element. That's
what you really want. And
you want like, Hey, I
really like Scott. I really
like Omar and Mike, you
know, tech crunch, if there's
nothing else, right? Like that's
what that's that's right. Yeah.
But that's, that's a sixth
grade thing to do. Right.
In sixth grade, we all
write down our best friend
and our best, best friend,
but adults are not going
to micromanage their life to
that level. And until we
can fix, figure out how
to fix the usability gap,
that's always going to be
a problem. Pandora Pandora's figure
like figure it out that
there was no way you
could get users to do
it. But the set of
like popular music is finite.
Like it's not like a
massive, like, you know, the
songs in the top 200
and on the billboard charts,
maybe there are a couple
hundred songs a year. Right.
So you could probably get
some folks to sit down
and try and figure out
what all the qualities of
these songs are. Right, right,
right. But on the other
hand, like who's going to
sit down and figure out
what all the qualities of
scribbles tweets are. Yeah. Isn't
that when crowdsourcing, I mean,
one of the things everyone's
talking about is crowdsourcing likes
the game spore that everyone's
talking about. The new electronic
arts game is a, it's
like a creature creator game.
And it's built in such
a way that there's can
be an infinite number of
creatures. So how are they
going to see this world
with creatures? They can't possibly
hire a people or even
outsource this kind of stuff.
So they do crowdsourcing, they
made it fun. And then
they make the spore creature
creator. And I guess they've
had like a million or
a million and a half
unique creatures created not random,
but crafted like by people
who care. And then I
heard that there was a
capture. I forget the name
of it. I thought it
was like something capture, recapture,
recapture. They give you words
and they basically give you
a capture widget and JavaScript.
And you're actually digitizing books
that have been scanned in.
So you could, you could
say that what friend feed
is doing is something similar
to that. Like traditionally people
have tried to use, I've
used crowdsourcing on like, like
finite sets of content. Like
what Amazon does. It's pretty
much crowdsourced mechanical Turk like
mechanical Turk, or even just
your ratings because you have,
you know, you have, I
have some song if by
the time 150 people have
rated it, there's some sort
of quality you can, you
can go 150 people have
rated it. They'll also highlight
the most negative, the most
voted on negative. Or I
love that feature most voted
on positive and between the
rating and the most vote
on positive and negative, you
can see the pros and
cons and kind of the
general weight of the song.
Yeah. Where like it breaks
down for social content is
that you're not going to
get like a hundred people
voting on every single tweet
that you see every bit
of content that you see
in Twitter or Facebook, but
friend feed with the like
feature they do get like
people there's a low friction
way where people can go,
Hey, here's this key, this
piece of content is cool.
And with the way, the
fact that they kind of
bubble up the stuff that
you like, there's a chance,
although small, that if enough
in your network, like it,
you know, you'll probably like
it too. Right. And if
there's a whole bunch of
content, we bubble up the
stuff that people in your
network have thought was interesting.
And that's how they're trying
to address the kind of
the flooding noise problem. Yeah.
And I think I don't,
I haven't used it. I
haven't used the service long
enough to see if, how
that scales for non-gay content.
Because the problem with your
current user base is that
the kind of content they
share, this is kind of
content that lots of people,
you know, would care about
rating. Like, well, I just
would care about rating. It's
pretty objective to rate, to
like lots of people would,
it's easy for lots of
people to rate a video
that's global posted up or
an article on tech crunch.
When you get to like
more intimate social information, like
Debbie change her status message.
And Bob threw up some
baby photos and Kevin just
wrote a wall posts. Right.
How do you get, like,
how do you get the
crowd to rate that step
for me? How do you,
You throw a Reddit and
no one, no one shows
up. Did you really have
Reddit? Yeah. Are we at
it? I'm not sure I
can just read it. Right?
Yeah. It's like, no, I
think what you said about
non geek related content. I
mean, there's like dig and
there's Reddit and they're all
basically the same thing. It's
the idea of downloading something
and saying, I like that.
I don't like that barrier
for, for all kinds of
content. Right. And when there's
enough people, a blockbuster or
a Netflix can start to
exploit that, that knowledge, but
this is all either geek
related where it, meaning we
care deeply enough about it,
like Reddit or it's popular
culture related like a movie,
but for regular Joes, like
the content on like about.com,
right. Which is a huge
pile of content. That's basically
like a Wikipedia style. You
know, it's a, it's a
pile of two or three
people are deeply interested in
this particular topic. And those
two or three people will
argue about it and get
that out there. But two
or three isn't enough sample
size for me to have
any confidence in either the
quality or relevance of that
particular chunk of content. Yes.
And it gets worse when
it's like personal content, right?
Like where, you know, like
the two or three people
are like, you know, the
person's mom and your cousin
and maybe you, because you
went high school with them
who determines if that content
is more interesting than some
more, some other content from
somebody who you went to
high school with. Yeah. Right.
So for the friend feeds
model, it's interesting. But I,
I wonder if it can
with its scales when they
don't have a geek audience.
I like, cause they've, they've
always, they've talked about being
a household name. So, and
if there were a household
name like Facebook and Facebook
is wild because I'm, I'm
always amazed by who I
see on Facebook. Like there's,
you know, people, I went
to high school in Nigeria
with there's some guy who
dated. So I was just
friended by some girl who
dated a friend of mine
when he was like in
the 10th grade. Right. Like,
like how do you, how
do you, like when that's
your user base, how do
you make sure like the
most relevant stuff from the
people around them? Right. It's
one thing when it's a
user base that has content
that that is easily objective
objectively or semi objectively rated,
like when it's an article
it's global road or, you
know, a Google video about,
or YouTube video about some
event or some happening, it's
easy for a bunch of
people to go, okay, this
is, this is funnier than
that. Right. But when it's
personal content and it's a
lot of, it's a lot
of personal content You're saying
on Facebook that you're getting
friended by people from way,
way back in your life.
Like, and it's becoming so
popular. My dad knows what
Facebook, which is almost enough
to make Facebook not cool.
My wife would not get
on Facebook for the longest
time. Like, you've got to
go on Facebook, you got
to go and fit. She's
finding like fifth grade, sixth
grade people and they're having
chats and stuff. And they're
putting stuff on their wall
in Facebook, but it's not
in any way of like,
like they put up a
rap video that was specific
to the town and the
neighborhood that she grew up
in Zimbabwe. So her tiny
little slice of like people
who went to girl's college
in this neighborhood, you know,
in between 90 and 93
care about this content, that
is our target audience. It's
like that, that scene in
the nerd with Steve Martin,
where it's like, if you,
if you, when you get,
you know, between the left
side of the Kewpie doll
and the right of here
and the third shelf down
and you know, and he
basically comes down to you
when these Chiclets out of
all of this amazing stuff,
they don't need to be
downloading or uploading their content.
That's the one place where
the crowdsourcing model, I don't
see how the crowdsourcing model
works. Like you really want,
like, cause it's your wife,
that content is, is really
personally relevant, but no matter
like how many people you
get to vote on it,
in fact, getting lots of
people to vote on it
may actually give you the,
the, the opposite from what
you want, because lots of
people are download it. Yeah,
exactly. Like if you actually
opened it up and said,
here's my, here's my feed
stream, please Ahmad and download
All of these things. Also
bring up a really interesting
concept because we want to
make the idea and we're
using the term uploading and
downloading is a vote of
confidence or a vote of
no confidence for those of
you aren't into the social
parlance. But the idea that
we want to make it
effortless, right? Like one of
the things I really like
right now is user voice.com
or get satisfaction.com. They let
you vote for a feature
in a product effortlessly without
logging in. And that, that
right there is the that's
the barrier. But then you
get people making, dig bots
and Reddit bots to try
to artificially upload and download
stuff. So then there's a
whole class of really interesting
problems about determining whether this
is a human being cheating
or not. But then there's
the issue of trust. I'm
starting to distrust the social
networking sites more and more
like I recently logged into
a social networking site. I
actually won't mention because they
they're very kind and they
fix this problem, but it
said, you know, welcome to
our, our website. Hey, you,
you probably use LinkedIn. Tell
us about your LinkedIn account.
And we'll find out which
of your LinkedIn friends are
using this thing. And I
was like, Oh, that's so
helpful. So like a schmuck
I put in my LinkedIn
password and then, you know,
1200 spam emails later and
like three irate phone calls.
Like, why are you sending
me this crap? And then
of course, and then actually
what happened was so many
people from my, my 1200
person, LinkedIn database signed up
for their thing that it
overloaded, like the, for loop,
the straight four loop that
they wrote to like display
that page. I crashed their
server and they sent said,
yes, that was, you know,
not intent, no one intends
to do this. I don't
think like, I don't think
they're really do. I mean,
do you think that they're
sitting around going, here's how
we're going to spread virally.
I hope so. Really that's
evil though. So the thing
that I, I would just
assume that they had just
made a mistake. Like, I
mean, there's a, there are
lots of like talks. And
if you, if you look
at a lot of these
web conferences, there are lots
of tracks and sessions about
viral marketing and viral advertising.
So, so a lot of
people think when you think
about a Facebook platform applications,
like I like, and Flixster
are held up as really,
really successful apps. And why?
Because they spread virally, Is
it isn't it, but isn't
it now because they were
the first ones and now
people, I mean, everyone wants
to spread virally. Well, Well,
they were the first ones
and they, they, they started
at a time before Facebook
realized that spreading rarely was
going to be such a
problem. And since then, especially
in Facebook's case, they've done
a lot of things to
stop applications from spreading rarely.
But the fact is that
when applications spread virally, it
increases your user base. Because
as you said, even though
the application was rude and
span 12 hundreds of your
friends, they got a bunch
of users, enough people signed
up from your 1200 friends
to crash your site. Right?
So it's like this it's
like, Scott thinks we're a
jerk, but we just got
a hundred new users. Right.
And even if Scott leaves,
I bet even if, just
half of Scott's friends say
that's still a win, win,
win, win. It's still a
win like this. They still
come out ahead. And that's,
that's why that happens. And
it's, it's unfortunate, but it'll
continue to happen is the
same way spam is around.
Right. Yeah. As long as
there are people who respond,
respond to that kind of
Solicitation. Yeah. Yeah. It's interesting
because there's, I think that
there's, there's karma though. And
I really believe in karma
in all things. Like I
was joking with a guy
yesterday that if you tip
better at red, we were
at red Robin. If you
tip better at Robin, I
believe that you will get
better parking at the mall.
I've always believed that, you
know, like, so I tip
and I get awesome parking
spots. I'm like the guy
who parked next to the
handicap spot always cause I
tip well. And I think
that these web 2.0 sites
are learning that if you
screw up, it could be
the end. Like Facebook beacon
was a really rough time.
I mean, they, they, they
went around, they fixed it.
But I mean, did you,
did you freak out the
first time you saw a
beacon? So I never saw
it, but I did hear
about it. And I, to
some people here who had
had, who had be, can
show up on blockbuster.com and
it was just such, it
was such an absurd move.
Yeah. I mean, I logged
into blockbuster one morning and
added something to the top
of my queue and this
little piece of toast and
by toast, I mean that
little box that pops up
the lower right of your
screen pops up and said,
we're sending the information to
Facebook that you like, you
know, something that you don't
want people to know you
like or whatever movie you're
renting. And I wanted to
reach into the screen and
snatch that little box of
toast. And I immediately started
digging around Facebook to figure
out what the privacy setting
was to turn that off
and couldn't find it. There
was none when the feature
shipped, which is, which was
really awesome and absurd part.
And I remember you that
you would post something about
people are spamming about not
just join our social network,
but maybe information like where
you are. There was a,
a location based spam that
went out to SMS. Recently.
I think the name of
the service is a looped.
It's an iPhone app. I
was reading, I forgotten his
blog. I was reading, but
I was reading some blog
maybe in Sarah, Lacey, maybe,
maybe not. Yeah. And it
was about this application that
would an iPhone app. But
that was how it would
look in your phone contact
list and send out messages
saying, Hey, wow, why don't
you try this app? They
can look at your phone
contacts because they're there on
the, Yeah. Because if you're
on the phone, it's like
an API on the phone.
And I didn't realize that
they had that much power.
Yeah. So it's, you know,
it's kind of, because everybody
has phone numbers that you
really have for an emergency.
Like I have like phone
numbers in my phone. I
have phone numbers for our
operations folks, just in case
we have a live site
issue, but it's not, I
would be completely embarrassed if
like some Sunday, while I
was messing around with some
iPhone app, this guy gets
an SMS and it's like,
Hey, yeah. Why don't you
try all this new cool.
Right. Like your dentist gets
spammed from you. Yeah. So
that's, that's, that's exactly what
they did. And again, it's
because they know it's successful.
Like they know like, just
like that side, the spam,
your LinkedIn, The karma though,
that's going to bite them.
I mean, those, the, the,
the, the, the crowd will
turn on them just as
the crowd can help you.
The crowd can, can crush
you quickly. That has happened
to some sites. I believe
a Plaxo Plaxo practice is
an example of a site
that did that to grow.
And then when they knew
we were trying to take
it to the next level,
like, there was just so
much bad karma around Plaxo,
the brand plaques or that.
Yeah. Do you and I,
you, I thought you were
on more social networking sites
than a, then it turns
out you were at the
beginning, I'd asked you. And
then I, I'm trying to
realize a lot of them
are duplicates. Like everyone wants
me to join Plaxo pulse,
but isn't that pretty much
LinkedIn Practical policies like LinkedIn,
plus some friend feed like
features. So I am actually,
I try out a lot
of sites, but like, I
don't stick around a lot.
So I'm pretty boring. Like,
I, I use Facebook, I
use Facebook, I use friend
feed. I use Twitter. I
use windows life spaces. Right?
You Zune social. I don't
have, Oh dude. See the
Zune thing. Actually, the student
social is pretty cool, but
I'm trying to figure out
my wife has a zoom
and I have a zoom,
but we're still learning about
how this is supposed to
work. But the idea is
that, you know, the music
that you play can appear
online, but then it becomes
an identity management problem because
we both live in the
same house. I think this
is a really interesting thing
that I like about Facebook
is that they know that
we're married. Like you can
go up in our profile.
It says, Scott Hanson is married
to, and it appeared as
a, as a piece of
information. So there's, there's something
that can be done about
that. The idea that it's
not just me and my
relationships, but it's my close
relationships. The Zune hasn't quite
figured that out because we
have one zoon pass and
we have two windows live
IDs connected to that zone
pass. But the Zune itself
that we share is connected
to just one of us
at a time. So in
order to make it socially
appear on FA on Facebook,
that I'm listening to these
songs, I have to, I
think, login to the Zune
as myself, nuke the zoon,
resync all my content, listen
to the songs, then sync
again for the play list.
You know, so it's this
whole kind of thing. And
I think it's, it's very
complicated just in order to,
to show that the husband
is listening to the shared
zone pass. And it got
me thinking about whether social
networking sites will take close,
close, close relationships, family, secondary
family versus acquaintances, because a
lot of people on Facebook
and my acquaintances as a
weight into the decision making
that they make and linking
these things together. So I've,
I've actually talked to people
about this quite a bit.
The interesting, the interesting thing
about that is I believe
Facebook also recently just did
a thing, a feature called
a friendless friend lists. So
that's separate from your friends.
Yes. You can actually categorize
your friends now into like
different friends. Oh, right, right.
Cause I there's like limited
profile is the one I'm
familiar with. There's only profile,
but you can also put
them in any categories you
want, like family, coworkers, friends.
And so on the reason
to do this would be
if it would be, if
you were the class of
users who have this problem
are users, usually adults cause
Facebook Facebook's primary problem kind
of is it started off
with high schoolers and college
students, people who tend to
live in one particular social
class. Right. And you would
join Facebook by going to
like vassar.facebook.com. Yes. And so
you only have like your
college friends and you and
your mom and dad were
on Facebook and that was
it. So you only had
this one social context. The
people that started having problems
with Facebook are people, I
guess like you and me,
people who have, who now
have people. I went to
school with my coworkers, people,
you know, who I'm, who
I'm in little league with
who's people whose kids are
in little league. And then,
and then you want to
manage and some social Networking
sites just call that groups.
And they have a little
club that you joined. But
I think that the way
you phrase it, social context
is not necessarily a group,
a group might be a,
a dark line that I
can draw around a group
of people. But a social
context is more of a
dotted line. Yes. And, and
managing social context. And the
tricky thing about managing social
context is that it's not
for every user or social
network. I like, again, a
college student. I, I have
some college buddies, you know,
like my mom and dad
aren't on here. They don't
have to manage that. But
once, you know, once you're
alive, once you have, well,
I have my, my college
buddies who, you know, Who,
who send me wacky photos.
And that's cool to have
a relationship with that. Yeah.
But I also have like
my boss and his boss
and our VP on my
friend list and I don't
want them interacting on my
wall. Right. Cause you know,
when you, like, when you,
when you first get in
a relationship like your first
serious relationship, the, in my
opinion, the first challenge is
when worlds collide, when it's
like, I don't know if
I want these friends to
meet my new wife or
fiance or whatever. And that
idea that, you know, Scott Guthrie
is sitting next to like
the wacky guy with the
keg, you know, with the
hat, with two beers on
his head. I don't know
if I want them in
my friends list because there's
something that could happen and
they could start talking and
that would be bad. How
do you solve a problem
with that? It's not, I
mean, it's more than a
user interface problem. It's, it's,
it's a it's controls. So,
so having the controls is
not enough because you actually
give users incentive to, to
actually use the control. Yeah.
I mean, how many people
really use privacy on MySpace?
Yeah. Right. So, so you
have to give one, you
have to give users incentive
to user controls. Like if,
if I can categorize people,
but nothing happens with the
category, the categories, then I'm
not going to categorize the
people. It's kind of a
chicken and egg problem. Right.
And so the limited profile
that you just talked about,
it's kind of a good
way to get people used
to the idea of categorizing
people. Like, well, say what
you tell them, Hey, if
you categorize some people as
limited versus not limited, you
know, then you can have,
here's all my content. And
here's what the people who
are trustworthy or not trustworthy,
but people who I want
to give a more demure
face to get to see.
And then you slowly introduce
that concept of people. And
then they can, they can
think, well, if I, if
I want, I can break
this down even further, the
user experience, problem that you,
that I believe lots of
people in industry end up
having to deal with. And
I haven't seen a good
solution for is that it
ends up being a lot
of stuff to keep track
of. Like, if you actually
did use that feature correctly,
like you would have like
my college buddies, people, I
went to high school with
my coworkers, my neighbors, my
relatives, people I went to
college with. And then you
have to keep no, Right.
I mean, dragging emails into
folders is not fun. And
I'm sure in the heck,
not going to take 1200
people on Facebook and start
dragging them into groups. Exactly.
Cause what value am I
gonna get out of it?
And then, and then end
of it, even if you
were that obsessive and you
managed to do that and
you also manage to always
do that whenever you got
a, your friend, you still
have to deal with keeping
track of who can see
what, right. So now you,
now you post some photos
up there and you wonder,
did I share this to
my college buddies? And my
coworkers, wait, it's been a
college buddy or a coworker
and so on. Yeah. Yeah.
And that's one of the
things that, about the internet.
That's just who actually, we
should do another podcast about
this sometime. Cause I know
we're running out of time
is the idea that it's
all coming down to item
and list management. I mean,
my life is become a
job. I'm a filing. I
have to file everything. Now
I have to file emails.
I have to, I have
to categorize. I feel like
that's all I do anymore
is manage. I mean like
the, even the psychic weight
of what's happening on my
TiVo, like suddenly the idea
of I can watch a
show. Any time has become,
man, we gotta get those.
We gotta watch those shows,
man, we gotta watch cold
case or they're going to
get deleted. Something that was
supposed to be fun and
exciting has now become a
maintenance chore. You know? And
if Twitter started putting in
social context and suddenly tweet
maintenance would become one of
my items, you know, that
I have to do. I
think I can see why
people just kind of back
off and say, I'm opting
out Just yesterday. Someone who
was telling me, we have,
we have a newsfeed feature
in windows, live spaces. And
a guy was asking me,
isn't it a bug that
we don't keep track of
what you've read and what
you haven't read. And I
said, we don't want to
create yet another inbox that
has, you know, you ha
you haven't seen the last
50 messages from your friends
and 20 on red or
30 on red. It's just
like RSS reading. There was
at first, when you start
reading RSS feeds like having
RSS reader actually saves you
time because now I can
go to one app and
track these 10 blogs and
then suddenly you don't hit
it for three or four
days. And then it tells
you, you are 50 or
unread items. And then it
starts going from, wow, this
was saving me time to,
wow, this is becoming a
chore. You know, a, a
really great feature of one
of your, you know, you
work on RSS bandit. I'm
not sure if our suspended
does this, but feed demon.
I just saw this brand
new dialogue a couple of
days ago where it said
you have 24,107 unread items.
And it put a big
fat red button that said,
don't you think it's time
to just push the big
red button and Mark them
all red. It says it's
not email. And they eat.
The dialogue is just instead
of just like, Hey, it's
not email. You don't have
to read them all. And
I was like, rock on.
Thank you for releasing me
from the chore to go
and maintain this crap. Well,
thanks a lot. I really
appreciate you sitting down with
me today. That was good
talking to you. All right.
This has been another episode
of Hansel minutes and we
will see you again next
week.